---
layout: post
title:  "Hello World and choosing a project"
date:   2018-05-31 17:08:22 +1200
categories: jekyll update
---
<p>
Week timeline of updates
</p>
<p>
Week:
</p>
<ul>
<li> Week 1: I Subbmitted my CV and Coverletter for two of the projects listed. I chose leave management as my first option because I thought it would be more interesting and semester 
planning which i thought was similar to leave managment. Was assigned the first option I chose which was the leave management where I was 
joined by Nick Tooley, Albert Tireck, Henry Cooper and Coen Edwards. A slack Channel was created with all the members were added. we also interviewed the client for user stories. <li\>
<li> Week 2:The next session I created a trello board and populated it with user stories, backlog and a number of other items. They were all open to revision but had what the client had in mind.
That week we assigned members to do a variety of task with myself assigned to wireframes.<li\>
<li> Week 3:Nick presented a skeleton of the code and we went over it to make sure it would work etc. 
Following the agile principle 7 "Working software is the primary measure of progress." Not a Lot was done by other team members except Nick that week.<li\>
<li> Week 4: So Nick and I scoured th internet looking at what other companies had created where we came across a few sites such as Capterra and Calamari. We did this to help us research Ideas for our site. 
Nick signed up for a trail on Calamri so we could better see how it operated.<li\>
<li> Week 5: Holiday Period and not a lot was done on my part as I was working.<li\>
<li> Week 6: Holiday Period and not a lot was done on my part as I was working.<li\>
<li> Week 7: New member Coen was addedto the group. The team needed assigned roles and they were assigned based on skill as 3 of us werent proficient in php myself included. 
Albert and Nick were given the php coding roles, Henry was given testing, Coen was given GUI duties and I was given security and git management.
 Git was obviously a required bit of software for the team so in the process of assigning roles out I created a git for the team.
we got got a kate and maria db accounts. I also began research into learning PHP and a better understanding of GIT.<li\>
<li> Week 8:We met together on monday and talked in detail about our flowchart where memebers were also assigned specific pages to members to code up where I was given the info page.
Nick and I got together and created the git repo and proceeded to clone to the kate server that our group had been assigned. 
I also created a little wiki for it. During this period I developed quite a bad illness which severly hindered my attendance in class and doing my work.<li\>
<li> Week 9:Was still suffering for sickness and Albert had completed the info page for me. Nick and Albert were having trouble having the 
script run at all times so I was assigned to look into it and see if I could get it gonig. I was also looking into more security related areas to protect our software. 
Looking for vulnerablities in our PHP by going over our code. <li\>
<li> Week 10:This week was of the exam so I went over installing jekyll in a quick time period to get me ready
 for what the exam. Henry had been assigned the role of software testing and I had helped him choose Selenium 
 but he was having trouble getting it working so I got assigned to assit him on the matter as there wasnt many
 roles for me to partake in on the current time. I also documented bugs in the software on our trello when I was going through with my testing. <li\>
</ul>